Minesweeper
Most of us have played the game Minesweeper on our computers. Let's try to replicate it to some extent.

The rules for the game are simple:

You have a 9*9 grid which makes a total of 81 boxes. The grid should be made inside the div with id="grid-container"

Out of these 81 boxes, 10 boxes contain bombs and other boxes are safe.

If a safe box is clicked, the user is awarded a point

If a user clicks on a box containing a bomb, the game gets over and you need to give an option 

to the user to start a fresh game.



This is how you may proceed:

Create an array of random numbers having 10 numbers where each number lies between 1 to 81.

Every number in the array should be unique.

The numbers in the array are nothing but indices where the bomb is planted.

If a bomb is clicked you need to highlight all the boxes that contained the bomb with red color.

You need to distinguish the boxes which have been clicked and which have
not been clicked. (As a standard you may color-clicked boxes with green color
and boxes that have not been clicked should remain white).

As soon as a box containing a bomb is clicked you need to color that box red, also include the bombs' background image

If the user makes 71 guesses and still has not clicked on a bomb you need
to notify the user with a message.

If the user completes the game or clicks the bomb box, he should be able
to start a new game.



You may want to use a grid structure of bootstrap
The choice of data structure while working on the grid may lead you to a more accessible algorithm for the game or you may get stuck in the loop if you choose a data
structure that is not appropriate for the game. CHOOSE WISELY!

Below given is an example of such a grid


Acceptance Criteria-:
0. Each of 81 grid cells must have id attribute cell_{i}, where is i = {1, 2, 3, . . . , 81}.
1. Create a window.random variable inside which 10 unique random numbers will be there showing the location of the bomb.
2. Use "https://img.icons8.com/emoji/48/000000/bomb-emoji.png" this as a bomb image after clicking on the bomb all the bombs will be shown as the background image. Note: background-image css-style property.
3. Player who selects all 71 grids without bombs will be the winner.
4. Create an element with the id "resultDisplay" inside which the text result will be shown as
   "win" for the winner and "game over" for the loser. Change text-content of "resultDispaly" to 
   final-message. 
   Note: In case of no-result of the game, make it empty(no-content inside it).
5. Create an element with the id "gameScore" inside which text points will be incremented after every successful click in which the bomb is not clicked
6. Create a reset button with id resetButton after which the game should restart
7. Reset button should be visible all the time.